hey guys Stenson w1 lengua here and I'll
be showing you a video on my Lego Roman
villa this took me four days to complete
but I just haven't done a video in a
long time so this is the front entrance
here with different Roman guards now
Roman villa is where rich people from
other parts of Rome came and stayed and
had baths and had luxuries here thought
your flowers trees horse and pilgrim its
overview look of it all
now it's in a big tote thing out of made
out of wood now in there I couldn't
build a roof for it because I didn't
have enough roof tiles and this was for
school so so the courtyard
looks pretty cool got your pod with some
two frogs some statues another statue
this is the entertainment stage so a
bunch of animals around there just
glow-in-the-dark rat and them and the
spider some windows got my old design if
it's a window out set off set and the
ancient Romans used to make pathways
with the trees and mazes things like
that
now that window is class-by-class and
you can flip it out like that comes out
it's hard to do with a roof on top so
this is the bath and hypocaust hypocaust
with the aqueduct with water draining
down get your windows
the roof which I'll remove now inside
you have your good old bath with the
character with the trick of taking their
legs off sorry about the shakiness
everybody need to remove that lights to
the HIPAA cost which heated up the
floors floors and bath just like that
yeah go duck
so that's bath your windows now you're
back in Prince backdoor they start and
the flowers which you can see and
another film in general this is your
restaurant cat and mouse chasing and
door then you can take this whole roof
off just inside now it's the loft and
the kitchen barrel and another backdoor
your most of it for another loft so you
got your loft your door and then your
other bedroom for the stay mosaic floor
with just a nice little table your
window window on that side too and your
nice windows on the outer layer and the
panes can go up from the Hogwarts castle
number it's at number four eight four
two that's where you can get them this
roof can't come off but that's where
they met the ladies cold room and
bathroom is in there just take this roof
off that's just a lobby and for an
entrance let me wear this roof off
just a nice little table it's books and
your other roof over here take that off
now over here is a cool feature which
locks the doors in place like they used
to do choice little doors and then some
arches and rails and a barbarian there
from a different part in the empire
backed over to the men's Cole Brown is
the bathrooms and the cold room also
because the men were treated better than
the women
well thanks for watching and remember to
subscribe rate to comment and have fun
with Lego
you